Local/application test methods (#874)
boostercloud/booster: docs/chapters/02_getting-started.md

boost clean
```

Now, let's run our application to see it working. It is as simple as running:

```bash
boost start -e local
```

Or, we can deploy our application to the cloud with no additional changes by running
the deploy command:

```bash
boost deploy -e production
```

> This is the Booster magic! ✨ When running the start or the deploy commands, Booster will handle the creation of all the resources, _like Lambdas, API Gateway,_ and the "glue" between them; _permissions, events, triggers, etc._ It even creates a fully functional GraphQL API!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Booster magic! ✨ When running the `start` or the `deploy` commands, Booster will handle the creation of all the resources, _like Lambdas, API Gateway,_ and the "glue" between them; _permissions, events, triggers, etc._ It even creates a fully functional GraphQL API!
```

> > [!NOTE] Deploy command automatically builds the project for you before performing updates in the cloud provider,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] The `deploy` command automatically builds the project for you before performing updates in the cloud provider,
```
I'm not sure if that "deploy" will be transformed with those commas since it's already inside the ">" block, but I'd love to add the "the" before 🙏

> > so, build command it's not required beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> so, the `build` command it's not required beforehand.
```

> With `-e production` we are specifying which environment we want to deploy. We'll talk about them later.

> [!TIP] If at this point you still don’t believe everything is done, feel free to check in your provider’s console. You should see, as in the AWS example below, that the stack and all the services are up and running! It will be the same for other providers. 🚀

![resources](../img/aws-resources.png)

> When deploying, it will take a couple of minutes to deploy all the resources. Once finished, you will see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying, it will take a couple of minutes to provide all resources for you. Once finished, you will see
```
The verb "deploy" is written twice, but I'm not 100% sure about which word we should use 🤔.

Booster applications provide you with a GraphQL API out of the box. You send commands using
_mutations_ and get read models data using _queries_ or _subscriptions_.

In this section, we will be sending requests by hand using the free [Altair](https://altair.sirmuel.design/) GraphQL client,

> which is very simple and straightforward for this guide. However, you can use any client you want. Your endpoint URL should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is the one we'll be using in this guide. However, you can use any client you want. Your endpoint URL should look like this:
```
Let's try to avoid words like "simple" and "easy" please 🙏
